feat: new partitioning brick that calls the document image analysis API (#68)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: docs/source/bricks.rst

  # Returns False because the text is more than 1% caps
  exceeds_cap_ratio(example_2, threshold=0.01)
  
  

> ``partition_pfd``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``partition_pdf``
```

---------------------

> The ``partition_pdf`` function calls the document image analysis API. The intent of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``partition_pdf`` segments a PDF document the document image analysis API. The intent of the 
```
